<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="ar" lang="ar" dir="rtl" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=2.3, user-scalable=no" />
<title> الحكاية الخرافية</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Style/epub.css" />
</head><body><div dir="rtl">
<h1 dir="rtl" class="title center">قائمة الصور</h1>

<div class="paragraph-block"><div class="paragraph-block"><ul class="list" dir="ltr"><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(1-1) <i>Vasilissa
                                the Beautiful</i>, illustrated by Ivan I.
                            Bilibin, <i>Russian Folk Tales,
                                1902</i> (Skazki: Vasilisa Prekrasnaia,
                            illustrated by Ivan Bilibin (1902). The Bodleian
                            Library University of Oxford, 930 c. 3).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(1-2) <i>Oberon,
                                Titania and Puck with Fairies
                                Dancing, c</i>.1786, by William Blake
                            (1757–1827). Watercolour and graphite on paper
                            (William Blake (1757–1827) <i>Oberon, Titania and Puck with Fairies
                                Dancing</i>. Date <i>c</i>.1786. Watercolour and
                            graphite on paper. DeAgostini/SuperStock).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(2-1) ‘Little Brother and Little
                            Sister’ by the Brothers Grimm, illustrated by Arthur
                            Rackham, 1917 (‘Little Brother and Little Sister’,
                            by the brothers Grimm; illustrated by Arthur Rackham
                            (1917). The Bodleian Library University of Oxford,
                            Castello 26, opp. p. 52).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(2-2) Jinn, from <i>Marvels of Things Created and
                                Miraculous Aspects of Things
                            Existing</i>, by al-Qazwini. Lustre painted
                            earthenware tile, Iran, 19th century (Tile
                            illustration from <i>Marvels of
                                Things Created and Miraculous Aspects of Things
                                Existing</i> created by al-Qazwini.
                            Lustre painted earthenware. Persia, 19th century.
                            DeAgostini/SuperStock).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(2-3) Wicked wizard from ‘The Golden
                            Branch’, by Marie-Catherine d’Aulnoy, illustrated by
                            Clinton Peters, 1900 (<i>The
                                Fairy Tales of Madame d’Aulnoy</i>, illustrated by Clinton Peters (1900). Baldwin Library of Historical Children’s Literature, Special and Area Studies Collections, George A. Smathers Libraries, University of Florida,
                            Gainesville, FL).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(3-1) Shahrazad and her sister
                            Dinarzad, <i>Alf layla wa-layla
                                (The Tales of the Thousand and One
                                Nights)</i>, Baghdad, Iraq, 16th century.
                            John Rylands University Library of Manchester,
                            Arabic MS 646 [706], leaf 124 (<i>Alf layla wa-layla</i>
                                (1640). University Library Tübingen, shelfmark
                            Ma VI 32).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(3-2) <i>Secrets
                                and Stories</i>, Paula Rego, 1989,
                            etching and aquatint, paper size 56.5 x 76.5 cm
                            Edition of 50 (Paula Rego, <i>Secrets and Stories</i> (1989), etching
                            and aquatint, paper size 56.5 x 76.5 cm Edition of
                            50. Copyright the Artist, courtesy Marlborough Fine
                            Art, Ltd.).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(4-1) <i>La Barbe
                                bleue</i>, from <i>Le Cabinet des fées</i>, ed. C. J.
                            Mayer, illustrated by Clément-Pierre Marillier,
                            1785–9 (<i>Le Cabinet des
                                fées</i> by C. J. Mayer (ed.),
                            illustrated by Clément-Pierre Marillier (1785–9).
                            The Bodleian Library University of Oxford, Douce M
                            299 v. 1, facing p. 15).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(5-1) ‘Caterpillar and Alice’, from
                            Lewis Carroll’s manuscript copy of <i>Alice’s Adventures Under
                                Ground</i>. British Library, Add. MS
                            46700, 1862–4 (British Library, Add. MS 46700,
                            1862–4. The Governing Body of Christ Church,
                            Oxford).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(5-2) ‘The Golden Bird’, illustrated by
                            George Cruikshank, <i>German
                                Popular Stories</i>, collected by M. M.
                            Grimm, 1825-6 (German popular stories, collected by
                            M. M. Grimm, illustrated by George Cruikshank
                            (1825-26). The Bodleian Library University of
                            Oxford, Opie C 883/1-2).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(6-1) ‘Little Red Riding Hood’,
                            illustrated by Gustave Doré, <i>Perrault’s Fairy Tales</i>, 1883 (‘Little
                            Red Riding Hood’, Gustav Doré Illustration.
                            iStock.com/duncan1890).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(7-1) ‘Sleeping Beauty’, from <i>Household Stories from the
                                Collection of the Brothers Grimm</i>,
                            illustrated by Walter Crane, 1893 (<i>Household Stories from the
                                Collection of the Brothers Grimm</i>,
                            illustrated by Walter Crane (1893). The Bodleian
                            Library, University of Oxford, PT921. K5613 KIN
                            1893).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(9-1) Still from <i>The Adventures of Prince
                                Achmed</i> (1926), directed by Lotte
                            Reiniger (<i>The Adventures of
                                Prince Achmed</i> (1926), Lotte Reiniger.
                            AF archive/Alamy Stock Photo).</span></div></li><li><div class="paragraph-block"><span dir="ltr">(9-2) Maribel Verdú as the wicked
                            stepmother in Pablo Berger’s film, <i>Blancanieves</i>, 2012
                                (<i>Blancanieves</i>
                            (2012), Pablo Berger. NOODLES PRODUCTION/Album/Album/SuperStock).</span></div></li></ul></div></div>
</div></body></html>
